Hey what's up guys.
And the last lesson I yes do to solve a problem that popped up in the search page template among the
search results.
We also have pages and as you can see they don't have any information about categories simply because
they are pages and not posts and pages don't have categories.
So how did you remove this snippet here for research results related to your page.
I asked to just search for a WordPress function called has category This function returns true if the
post within the loop has a given category or if no category specified if it also returns true if it
has any category.
Let's open up the content search for each file and let's play around that this function a bit.
We want to make some changes here then we're loading the category the way it is now we are displaying
text category regardless of whether or not we have categories within the loop to solve this.
Let's create anything else.
BLOCK Right here.
And inside the lock at the hask category function
if it returns True we're going to show you the category.
This will always happen footboards at least for those that have categories.
What most of the time is true if it returns false.
The code snippet that shows the category will not even be displayed.
That's the result we want.
So let's test that out.
Now for all page related results like this one the category doesn't appear.
Excellent.
OK.
But we can improve our results page a bit more.
One of the things that WordPress recommends for thing developers is that the results page also has a
search form.
So if the user wants to repeat the search using another term we can help as open our search that page
before and before our loop starts.
It can include the search form again.
This is very easy.
It's enough if we just call the get search form function again.
By doing so you're going to have the form at the top of the page again.
Another thing we can do is to create something that shows more clearly what is the search term for this
page.
We can include that before the second search form.
For example we can say search results for and here specify what is the query string to repeat the search
query string use the function we learned in the last lesson called Get search query Let's do that.
We must actually dhows and now reload the search page and we get the query string here.
That's very cool.
Now we only have one big problem.
Incidentally a huge problem if you search only for it.
A.
Yes.
And Nailor only 10 search results will appear.
But surely we have several posts and pages that have the letter A in their content.
Whether or not these other pages explain the answer to this is quite simple.
They are hitting to reveal them when you find a way for Wordpress to show the other pages that do this.
We need to understand how pagination works in wordpress but that's a subject for the next lessons.
So for now this out guys my.